Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
Q: Hello, where is the data?
A: All of it is up now!
Q: Hello, how can I register?
A: Post a tentative abstract to our EasyChair portal. See "Upcoming Deadlines" section below.
Q: But I haven't decided my approach yet?
A: Submit an abstract anyway. We're trying to figure out how many participants to expect. You can always update your abstract and system paper (when you upload it).
Q: Oh but what are your metrics going to be?
A: The standard stuff in binary classification tasks -- Precision, Recall, F1-Score.
Q: Do you really mean that everyone gets to present at AAAI 2020?
A: Well yes! If you submit your system runs and a system paper then you can present your paper in the poster session and have your paper in our open access proceedings. There will still be peer feedback in which you can improve your camera ready paper. You do need to be registered for the workshop.
Q: Is there a kind of leader board to check the performance of leading models? Or could you please inform me a standard performance (e.g., baseline model’s performance a or human performance as a golden standard)? 
A: Unfortunately, we're not releasing a leader board before the workshop itself, so no one knows what the baseline performance is. But we're encouraging maximum participation and reminding you again that if you do write up a paper and submit your system results, you can present your poster at our AAAI workshop; if you're one of the best systems, you get a slot in the main session to present your approach. We'll also let you submit more than one run and up to ten runs if you want to experiment with different parameters and submit.
Q: Do you expect 2 separate papers for the two shared tasks? 
A: No, just one paper.
Q: For task 2, do we need to propose the solution or implement it as well?  
A: Task 2 is open-ended. If you do attempt it, we would expect an implementation, or at least a "walk-through". 
Q: Are there travel grants to attend your workshop?
A: Unfortunately we don't, but I know that AAAI does. It also allows you to volunteer so that you don't have to pay for registration. Do look into this. Hope to see your submission.
Q: I'm pretty sure I won't be able to attend your workshop. Can I still participate in the Shared Task?
A: Make a submission, pay the workshop fee, get someone to put up your poster if you can. If we can, we'll try to let you Skype in.
Q: You are so awesome. Can we be friends in real life?
A: Listen I'm just doing my job. But if you sign up for the workshop then we can be workshop buddies for sure! 
